Justin Ross said:
⁃ The first thing I noticed was a small typo in your introduction and motivation section: “This project has been designed analyze”. You probably just want to put a “to” in between designed and analyze. There’s also a small typo in your conclusion where you say “I hope that you found my post about the Golden Era of Astros Baseball.” Maybe you meant to say you hope we found the post interesting or something like that?

⁃ Also for your blog post, I found the 7 combined graphs in the “Kings of the AL West” section to be difficult to read. There are so many graphs that it makes the text small and it’s little bit difficult to understand what’s going at a quick glance. I would suggest only showing 2 or 3 graphs together so that it’s a little bit easier to see and less overwhelming. I loved the post though (as much as a Phillies fan can), it made me wish I had done my project on baseball!

Nate Lewis said:
- I really like this blog. I thought using the Astros’ colors for all the graphs was a nice touch. I was shocked to see that it looks like the Astros have never allowed exactly 6 runs in a game in 7 years. In the “Elite Offense and Lockdown Defense” section I think there should be the word “in” before 27% and 66%. In the next sentence I think the “in” before the word quickly should be removed. Also as someone who isn’t really into baseball I was a little confused because you make holding opponents to under the league average of runs 27% of the time sound good when at face value that sounds really bad because that means 73% of the time the opposition score more than the average. Also maybe in this section just throw in the mean number of runs scored and allowed by the Astros because that was the first question I had after reading. 

Clint Smith said:
- I found this blog post super insightful and fun to read. I think you do a good job of emphasizing important metrics that illustrate the Astros' dominance during this time span. I would read through the post again to scan for some typos because there were a few that I noticed. I noticed that you haven't included a link to your Github repo so just make sure to add that in!

From the feedback I received from Nate, I decided to remove the stat about the Astros holding opponents under the league average 27% of the time. That really isn't a high percentage so it didn't seem necessary to keep. I also included the average number of runs allowed and scored by the Astros between 2017 and 2023.

From Justin's feedback, I decided to only keep in the division leads/deficits plots from the 2017 and 2023 seasons since those were the seasons that I referenced in my blog post. This helped the font look bigger on the two plots. I also went through and corrected some typos.

From Clint's fedback, I re-read the post to scan for typos and found a few things I could change. I also added a link in the blog to my Github repo so that people can learn more about how I did my analysis.

